	The purpose of the program:
        
        When I was wasting time doing assesments at tafe that were prodametly rewriting information from a student workbook
        and from chat gpt, i thought what if it would be a cool idea to have the computer rewrite it for me with my own words for me.


The general idea:

        User inputs the text that is to be converted. 

        User rewrites a general selectino of sentences can be read as a txt file, that have been researched to be the 
        most used, common, sentence strucutres in that specific field.

        Based on the proficiency of the users inputs, the program will take words from that class of proficiency, then 
        with a level of randomisation and grammatical perfection the user program will then spit out the original text
        as if the user had written it. 

Questions I asked myself:

    Which of the following can I create in c# right now or think of a way to do it
    
        Grammar and Syntax:
            - Tense and sentece structure, no idea how I would be able to check this, is this important when rewriting.
            - Can i check the tense or if the user is using third person?
        Vocabulary:
            - Repetition of words, can use a for loop to count the amount of each word used.
            - The basicness of the words. Put certain words in certain categories.
        Spelling and Punctuation
            - Spelling ==, would be a massive if statement that would loop through the dictionary
            - Punctuation.
        Conciseness
            - It says here to gauge the unesscary use of wordniess, but i wonder if the point of all this is to be as wordy as possible.
        Organization
            - is there a layout to the paragraph? is the mona lisa even described.
            - What code has the ability to read us?
            - Content and Relevance
            - Cohesion
            - Overall Communication

    How do I put certain words into different categories?
        - A dictionary ? 
        then I can decide what the value of a word is, the word "like" is ranked 99th of commonality, which means that 
        if the word "Like" is used in the sentence then it is worth 2 points, using an if statement, if dict value is > 0 or < 100 then award the user -1
        based on this score we can give the user a total.

    How wide is the disparty in level of peopels ability to write english?

     Is there a need to have the classes inherited ?
        No, the classes can all be there own seperate entity.
        Yes, they can have a virtual standard, if the user has been unable to idenitfy or the program could not pick up enough info,
        then the virtual can be the standard.

	how many different sentence structures are there in english ?
		Four:
						https://academicguides.waldenu.edu/writingcenter/scholarlyvoice/sentencestructure#:~:text=There%20are%20four%20types%20of,no%20conjunction%20or%20dependent%20clause.

Potential Pargraphs questions or paragraphs to use to asked the user to create.
    - in exactly 100 words, please describe the how wonderful the mona lisa is ?
    - rewriting the 5 setences
        
Important side notes:
    use the list provided by chat gpt to create a points system.
    a way to speed up the dictionary, is that after the user inputs the information, a new dictionary is made only consisting of the words used by the author.
    The user ultimatley gets to decide wether or not they have the ability to increase the fanciness of the code or make it dumber.
    Seems like i have my 5 classes. 


    Public class tests

    Public class Grammar: tests //

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Questions put into chat gpt:

    What are ways to dictate someones english proficiency?
        Yes, you can assess someone's English proficiency in 2-5 sentences by engaging in a brief conversation with them. 

    What would you look for in the paragraph?

        Grammar and Syntax
        Vocabulary
        Clarity and Coherence
        Spelling and Punctuation
        Conciseness
        Organization
        Tone and Style
        Content and Relevance
        Cohesion
        Overall Communication
